### Group Session NLP Day 1

##### 1. What properties of language make it difficult to analyze?

* Language has much less structure than numerical data, because it generated by users. Language is naturally ambiguous, and there can be typos that are much harder to identify than numerical abnormalities. 

##### 2. What is the difference between a lexicon and a grammar?

* Lexicon refers to the knowledge about the words in a language. Grammar refers to the rules of how words and sentences are formed.

##### 3. What is the difference between syntax and morphology?

* Syntax is the rules about how sentences are formed, including word order, parts of speech, and punctuation. Morphology is the form of words, and how and when to form words into the appropriate form.

##### 4. What is the difference between a word stem and a lemma?

* A word stem is the word without any affixes, even if what is left is not an actual word due to transformations. A lemma is the real, base word that the word in question is derived from. 

##### 5. Name 4 examples of parts of speech.

* Noun, verb, adjective, adverb, object, participles.

##### 6. What are some examples of named entities?

* Any capital Noun: Stock ticker labels, peoples' names, countries, etc

##### 7. What are the steps in the NLP workflow?
  1. Data acquisition
  2. Corpus building and storage
  3. Preprocessing
  4. Text Analysis
  5. Vectorization
  6. Modeling
  7. Operationalization

##### Provide 3 examples of real-world NLP applications.

  1. Google translate
  2. Digital assistants (Siri, Alexa, etc)
  3. tl;dr bot on Reddit
